Add the Thrift tutorial (#4865)
line/armeria: site/src/pages/tutorials/thrift/blog/implement-create.mdx

  }
  ```
2. In the `createBlogPost()` method, save the post information in the `blogPosts` map and return the information of the blog post created to the `resultHandler`.
  ```java filename=BlogServiceImpl.java
  @Override
  public void createBlogPost(CreateBlogPostRequest request, AsyncMethodCallback<BlogPost> resultHandler)
          throws TException {
      ...
      blogPosts.put(id, blogPost);
      final BlogPost stored = blogPost;
      resultHandler.onComplete(stored);
  }
  ```

## 2. Implement client-side

In the `BlogClient` class, add a method to send a request to create a blog post.

```java filename=BlogClient.java
import example.armeria.blog.thrift.BlogPost;
import example.armeria.blog.thrift.CreateBlogPostRequest;
...
BlogPost createBlogPost(String title, String content) throws TException {
    final CreateBlogPostRequest request =
            new CreateBlogPostRequest().setTitle(title)
                                       .setContent(content);
    return blogService.createBlogPost(request);
}
```

## 3. Test creating a blog post

Now, let's write the test code to test what we implemented so far in this step.
Note the code is minimal to keep things simple.

> 

Author: How about adding them in the `build.gradle` code snippet at `index.mdx`?

> 

Author: I updated the `build.gradle`: [ae779aa](https://github.com/line/armeria/pull/4865/commits/ae779aad118c6e3239949e05f3902735724bf9f2)

Please let me know if there is any coding convention issue or anything (_ _)

> 

Author: Also, I get an error when I try to build with this `build.gradle` because of the Armeria version this variable(`${versions['org.junit:junit-bom']}`) gives when I render the site locally. Simply this version does not seem to exist.

```
Could not find com.linecorp.armeria:armeria:1.22.2-SNAPSHOT.
        Searched in the following locations:
          - https://repo.maven.apache.org/maven2/com/linecorp/armeria/armeria/1.22.2-SNAPSHOT/maven-metadata.xml
          - https://repo.maven.apache.org/maven2/com/linecorp/armeria/armeria/1.22.2-SNAPSHOT/armeria-1.22.2-SNAPSHOT.pom
```

I'm not sure if I am missing something. I just wanted to check if it's okay as it is 🙂

> 

Reviewer: > Simply this version does not seem to exist.

We're having trouble uploading snapshot versions at the moment 😅  (due to the following CI failure https://github.com/line/armeria/actions/runs/5010142242/jobs/8979748543)
We're working on fixing this issue.

Meanwhile, if we modify the version (e.g. `1.22.2-SNAPSHOT` ->  `1.22.1`) I guess the build will work as expected.

  }
  ```
2. In the `createBlogPost()` method, save the post information in the `blogPosts` map and return the information of the created blog post to the `resultHandler`.
  ```java filename=BlogServiceImpl.java
  @Override
  public void createBlogPost(CreateBlogPostRequest request, AsyncMethodCallback<BlogPost> resultHandler)
          throws TException {
    ...
    blogPosts.put(id, blogPost);
    final BlogPost stored = blogPost;
    resultHandler.onComplete(stored);
  }
  ```

## 2. Implement client-side

In the `BlogClient` class, add a method to send a request to create a blog post.

```java filename=BlogClient.java
import example.armeria.blog.thrift.BlogPost;
import example.armeria.blog.thrift.CreateBlogPostRequest;
...
BlogPost createBlogPost(String title, String content) throws TException {
  final CreateBlogPostRequest request =
          new CreateBlogPostRequest().setTitle(title)
                                     .setContent(content);
  return blogService.createBlogPost(request);
}
```

## 3. Register a ServerExtension

In the previous test code, we've connected directly to the server.
This time, let's use Armeria's <type://ServerExtension> instead.

> This approach simplifies set-up and tear-down of a server.

Reviewer: What do you think of mentioning the relationship of this code block with the main method?

```suggestion
This approach will automatically set-up and tear-down a server before tests are run.
Now we don't have to invoke the main method to set up a server before running our tests.
```

    sb.service("/thrift",
               THttpService.builder()
                           // Add the service to the configuration
                           .addService(new BlogServiceImpl())
                           .build());
  }
};
```

## 4. Test creating a blog post

Let's test if we can create a blog post.

1. In the `BlogServiceTest` class, add a test method as follows.
  ```java filename=BlogServiceTest.java
  import static org.assertj.core.api.Assertions.assertThat;

  import org.apache.thrift.TException;
  import org.junit.jupiter.api.Order;
  import org.junit.jupiter.api.Test;

  import example.armeria.blog.thrift.BlogPost;

  ...
  @Test
  void createBlogPost() throws TException {
    final BlogClient client = new BlogClient(server.httpUri(), "/thrift");
    final BlogPost response = client.createBlogPost("My first blog", "Hello Armeria!");
    assertThat(response.getId()).isGreaterThanOrEqualTo(0);
    assertThat(response.getTitle()).isEqualTo("My first blog");
    assertThat(response.getContent()).isEqualTo("Hello Armeria!");
    System.out.println(response);
  }
  ```
2. Run the test case on your IDE or using Gradle.
  ```bash

>   ./gradlew test

Reviewer: I think the previous `hello()` test method may prevent the test from running correctly.

What do you think of either: 
1. suggesting that users remove the test or add a `@Disabled` annotation
2. modifying the uri so that `server.httpUri()` is used instead of the `"http://127.0.0.1:8080"`

Author: > 1. suggesting that users remove the test or add a @Disabled annotation

Done here: [c4358d1](https://github.com/line/armeria/pull/4865/commits/c4358d187bdde4dfb8c2e9423c0cd2019630d69e)

            .setTitle(request.getTitle())
            .setContent(request.getContent())
            .setModifiedAt(now.toEpochMilli())
            .setCreatedAt(now.toEpochMilli());
  }
  ```
2. In the `createBlogPost()` method, save the post information in the `blogPosts` map and return the information of the blog post created to the `resultHandler`.
  ```java filename=BlogServiceImpl.java
  @Override
  public void createBlogPost(CreateBlogPostRequest request, AsyncMethodCallback<BlogPost> resultHandler)
          throws TException {
    ...
    blogPosts.put(id, blogPost);
    final BlogPost stored = blogPost;
    resultHandler.onComplete(stored);
  }
  ```

## 2. Implement client-side

In the `BlogClient` class, add a method to send a request to create a blog post.

```java filename=BlogClient.java
import example.armeria.blog.thrift.BlogPost;
import example.armeria.blog.thrift.CreateBlogPostRequest;
...
BlogPost createBlogPost(String title, String content) throws TException {
  final CreateBlogPostRequest request =
          new CreateBlogPostRequest().setTitle(title)
                                     .setContent(content);
  return blogService.createBlogPost(request);
}
```

> ## 3. Set up for testing

Author: I'm happy to contribute more! 
I'm not sure how to modularize the testing at the moment, though 🤔 
I think more detailed suggestions would help me understand the how and develop ideas further.

> ## 3. Set up for testing

Reviewer: For instance, I was thinking we could add an extra step which describes how testing works in armeria.

It could describe:
- Adding the `armeria-junit5` module
- How to spin up a test server using `ServerExtension`
```
    @RegisterExtension
    static final ServerExtension server = ...
```
- How to call the server using a client
```
server.webClient()
server.httpUri()
```
- (Optional) How the tutorials use `@TestMethodOrder(OrderAnnotation.class)`

We're planning on migrating the other tutorials (rest, grpc) to also use tests (like done in this tutorial).
By modularizing, I thought the migration could be smoother (either by referencing or copying the section on `Testing in Armeria`).

I also found some references on how tests work for other web frameworks. I don't think it has to be as detailed as below, but I was thinking of something similar to below.
- https://spring.io/guides/gs/testing-web/
- https://quarkus.io/guides/getting-started-testing

Now, let's get started with the test code so that we can verify what we implement along the way.
Note the code is minimal to keep things simple.

1. Create a file, `BlogServiceTest.java`, and declare the test class.
  You can see the full version of the file [here](https://github.com/line/armeria-examples/blob/main/tutorials/thrift/src/test/java/example/armeria/server/blog/thrift/BlogServiceTest.java).
  ```java filename=BlogServiceTest.java
  package example.armeria.server.blog.thrift;

  class BlogServiceTest {}
  ```
2. Register a <type://ServerExtension> to set up a server instance for testing.
  Note that the service instance is added to the configuration.
  ```java filename=BlogServiceTest.java
  import org.junit.jupiter.api.extension.RegisterExtension;

  import com.linecorp.armeria.server.ServerBuilder;
  import com.linecorp.armeria.server.thrift.THttpService;
  import com.linecorp.armeria.testing.junit5.server.ServerExtension;

  class BlogServiceTest {

    @RegisterExtension
    static final ServerExtension server = new ServerExtension() {
      @Override

>       protected void configure(ServerBuilder sb) throws Exception {
>         sb.service("/thrift", THttpService.builder()
>                                           .addService(new BlogServiceImpl()) // Add the service to the configuration
>                                           .build());
>       }

Reviewer 2: We might want to reindent this so it is not too wide:
```suggestion
      protected void configure(ServerBuilder sb) throws Exception {
        sb.service("/thrift",
                   THttpService.builder()
                               // Add the service to the configuration
                               .addService(new BlogServiceImpl())
                               .build());
      }
```
We could even break right before `.builder()` to make it even narrower.

    };
  }
  ```

## 4. Test creating a blog post

Let's test if we can create a blog post.

1. In the `BlogServiceTest` class, add a test method as follows.
  ```java filename=BlogServiceTest.java
  import static org.assertj.core.api.Assertions.assertThat;

  import org.apache.thrift.TException;
  import org.junit.jupiter.api.Order;
  import org.junit.jupiter.api.Test;

  import example.armeria.blog.thrift.BlogPost;

  ...
  @Test
  void createBlogPost() throws TException {
    final BlogClient client = new BlogClient(server.httpUri(), "/thrift");
    final BlogPost response = client.createBlogPost("My first blog", "Hello Armeria!");
    assertThat(response.getId()).isGreaterThanOrEqualTo(0);
    assertThat(response.getTitle()).isEqualTo("My first blog");

>     assertThat(response.getContent()).isEqualTo("Hello Armeria!");

Reviewer 2: I think assertions are good here because it's a test anyway. I agree that it can be useful to print the response as well. How about just doing both? 😄

>     assertThat(response.getContent()).isEqualTo("Hello Armeria!");

Author: Adding both sounds good to me 🙂
